today we're going to look at how to
attach a decorative wave and buckle to
an invitation this is the result that we
are looking for I've already attached
the ribbon to the invitation and I've
cut a 100 millimeter strip of ribbon
that's going to form the wave I have
some double-sided tape that's 10
millimeters wide so I'm going to take
two strips of that and lay it either
side of the center of the of the the
ribbon
I passed that through the buckle making
sure it's on the Descent the buckle is
on the center of the ribbon
I then fold one end of the ribbon over
and attach it to the double sided tape
making sure that the ribbon lies neatly
along the second ribbon underneath it
the same on the other end this makes
sure the ribbon looks straight when you
put it on the invitation turn it over
and make sure it's still in the center
okay I'm going to attach two strips of
of the double sided tape to the
underside of the the buckle and making
sure part of that that tape lies on the
ribbon so that it actually helps to hold
the ribbon down as well
it also helps to hold the buckle to the
ribbon turn it over put it on the ribbon
and press down to attach the tape to the
ribbon and I put a scissors underneath
the buckle are going to help that tape
stick very nicely to the the ribbon now
flop the edge of the ribbon up so that
the the wave looks a lot nicer and
that's what we've ended up